Take a look at this. This one is an image of a flamingo.
This one is a request to get this image.
Do you notice anything different between them, though?
HTTP has been around for such a long time that
the protocol still does something that you'll rarely find in any modern protocol.
It's regular text and can be read by a human.
The bytes being pushed back and forth on the network are plain,
old, regular text and can be read by our human brains.
HTTP's simplicity also means that we can directly interact with
a protocol without a third party library doing any extra work for us.
Every HTTP request begins with a unique verb
called a method and serves a specific purpose.
We already know GET and POST.
And although these are the most common methods,
there are other methods you will encounter regularly.
The common set of methods consist of GET,
POST, PUT, DELETE, HEAD, and OPTIONS.
We will talk more about these methods when we talk about REST APIs.